README.md, before:

# AI & Python Development Megaclass

[Leia em Português](README.pt-br.md)

This repository contains exercises and projects developed during the **AI & Python Development Megaclass** course offered by Udemy.

## About the Course

The **AI & Python Development Megaclass - 300+ Hands-on Projects** is a comprehensive training program that teaches everything from Python fundamentals to advanced artificial intelligence application development. It includes over **58 hours of video content**, **300+ practical projects**, and covers topics such as machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing (NLP), chatbots, and more.

### What You Will Learn:
- Master Python programming from scratch, even with no prior experience.
- Understand the fundamentals of AI, machine learning, and deep learning.
- Build and deploy real-world AI applications using Python.
- Work with essential AI libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, and OpenCV.
- Develop practical skills through **100+ hands-on AI and Python projects**.
- Implement AI-powered applications such as chatbots, recommendation systems, and automation tools.
- Learn data analysis, visualization, and preprocessing techniques for AI models.
- Gain experience in model training, evaluation, and optimization.
- Understand ethical and practical considerations in AI development.
- Build a portfolio of AI and Python projects to showcase your skills to employers or clients.

### Requirements:
- No prior programming or AI experience is required.
- A computer with internet access for coding and project work.
- Interest in AI, machine learning, and automation.
- Basic familiarity with using a computer and installing software.

## Repository Structure

### Week 1
#### Day 1
- **day1_exercise1.py**: Simple program that prints "Hello world!".
- **day1_exercise2.py**: Demonstration of variables of different data types and basic manipulation.

#### Day 2
- **day2_exercise1.py**: Program to check if a number is prime.
- **day2_exercise2.py**: Simple calculator that performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
- **day2_exercise2_additional.py**: Extended calculator with support for factorial calculations.

#### Day 3
- **day3_exercise1.py**: (Not implemented yet).

### Other Files
- **.gitignore**: Configuration to ignore unnecessary files in the repository.
- **AI & Python Development Megaclass.code-workspace**: Workspace configuration file (not versioned).

## How to Run
1. Ensure Python is installed on your system.
2. Navigate to the directory of the desired file.
3. Run the file using the command:
   ```bash
   python <file_name>.py
   ```

## Course Information
- **Instructor**: Vivian Aranha
- **Rating**: 4.8/5 (based on 7 reviews)
- **Enrolled Students**: 2,079
- **Last Updated**: March 2025
- **Language**: English
- **Includes**:
  - 58 hours of on-demand video
  - 1 article
  - 4 downloadable resources
  - Lifetime access
  - Certificate of completion

## Objective
This course is ideal for beginners and professionals who want to learn Python and AI through practical, real-world projects. By the end of the course, you will have a robust portfolio to showcase your skills in AI and Python.

---

Commit message:

Add Jupyter Notebook version of "Hello world!" exercise to README files

README.md, after:

# AI & Python Development Megaclass

[Leia em Português](README.pt-br.md)

This repository contains exercises and projects developed during the **AI & Python Development Megaclass** course offered by Udemy.

## About the Course

The **AI & Python Development Megaclass - 300+ Hands-on Projects** is a comprehensive training program that teaches everything from Python fundamentals to advanced artificial intelligence application development. It includes over **58 hours of video content**, **300+ practical projects**, and covers topics such as machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, natural language processing (NLP), chatbots, and more.

### What You Will Learn:
- Master Python programming from scratch, even with no prior experience.
- Understand the fundamentals of AI, machine learning, and deep learning.
- Build and deploy real-world AI applications using Python.
- Work with essential AI libraries like TensorFlow, PyTorch, and OpenCV.
- Develop practical skills through **100+ hands-on AI and Python projects**.
- Implement AI-powered applications such as chatbots, recommendation systems, and automation tools.
- Learn data analysis, visualization, and preprocessing techniques for AI models.
- Gain experience in model training, evaluation, and optimization.
- Understand ethical and practical considerations in AI development.
- Build a portfolio of AI and Python projects to showcase your skills to employers or clients.

### Requirements:
- No prior programming or AI experience is required.
- A computer with internet access for coding and project work.
- Interest in AI, machine learning, and automation.
- Basic familiarity with using a computer and installing software.

## Repository Structure

### Week 1
#### Day 1
- **day1_exercise1.py**: Simple program that prints "Hello world!".
- **day1_exercise2.py**: Demonstration of variables of different data types and basic manipulation.
- **hello_world.ipynb**: Jupyter Notebook version of the "Hello world!" program.

#### Day 2
- **day2_exercise1.py**: Program to check if a number is prime.
- **day2_exercise2.py**: Simple calculator that performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
- **day2_exercise2_additional.py**: Extended calculator with support for factorial calculations.

#### Day 3
- **day3_exercise1.py**: (Not implemented yet).

### Other Files
- **.gitignore**: Configuration to ignore unnecessary files in the repository.
- **AI & Python Development Megaclass.code-workspace**: Workspace configuration file (not versioned).

## How to Run
1. Ensure Python is installed on your system.
2. Navigate to the directory of the desired file.
3. Run the file using the command:
   ```bash
   python <file_name>.py
   ```
4. For Jupyter Notebooks (`.ipynb`), open them using Jupyter Notebook or JupyterLab.

## Course Information
- **Instructor**: Vivian Aranha
- **Rating**: 4.8/5 (based on 7 reviews)
- **Enrolled Students**: 2,079
- **Last Updated**: March 2025
- **Language**: English
- **Includes**:
  - 58 hours of on-demand video
  - 1 article
  - 4 downloadable resources
  - Lifetime access
  - Certificate of completion

## Objective
This course is ideal for beginners and professionals who want to learn Python and AI through practical, real-world projects. By the end of the course, you will have a robust portfolio to showcase your skills in AI and Python.

---
